and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show excited to be joined by
alison evelyn today
allison is a forbes featured copywriter
a speaker
a brand mentor and a podcaster he went
from 20 cents per word
to 3 dollars per day alison a very warm
welcome to the show
how are you doing oh i'm doing great
thank you so much for having me and i
realized i have to actually update that
now for sure this week i'm not five
thousand dollars a day so
so even more
apparently apparently thank you so much
for having me i'm excited to dive in
i get very worked up about everyone
about to talk about
because it's not only i see the results
from my clients in the power of words
and copywriting and how
how there's so much misunderstood in it
and i
and how it's worked for my own business
so let's get turned
love it so we're gonna be talking all
about three
main steps and i think you've got a
bonus one as for us as well
on how everyone tuning in can use
writing use content use copywriting
to game change and grow their business
but before we get into that
for anyone that's not yet convinced
alison why is copywriting a skill
that's essential if you're a business
owner if you're in business if you want
to drive more sales
oh my gosh my heart actually
lit up got massive at hearing that
so sam i can't see right now but i
wonder if you're still there and maybe
yeah i'm still here oh great i just
realized i was like i'm gonna keep
talking
in case he went offline and i'm just
going for it but
hi streamyard so oh my god this gets me
so worked up
because copywriting is that your
words are power right they say the pen
is mightier than the sword
and the say like this comes from words
are
what we put out into the world i think
that words oh my gosh so think about
how you ask someone i often use dating
as an example
uh if someone came up to you at a bar
anywhere and you were
a 19 year old single i guess you
wouldn't be you was able to drink yet so
we'll say 21. and come up to you and
said
like girl nice face go out with me
or if they came and said you know what i
have to say i love this shirt you have
on in fact that band is my own favorite
could i buy you a drink
those what different experiences and
what if nothing else is different except
the words
our words are conveying our intention
they're showing where our our soul is at
your business all i don't care the
biggest corporation
a solopreneur a small business owner a
marketer
words are what convert because you can
have the best image in the world
or you can have the ugliest fuzzy image
and yes imagery and aesthetics matter
but based on what
the caption is and what that says i mean
there's a time where we've seen words
matter it's 20 20 and 2021.
we've seen what they have the power to
do and at times that can be scary
but we can use it for such good in the
world and
for speaking to our customers having
them feel understood
and having them shown what we can do for
them
yeah and this this is a bit of a tough
one but why do you think you you
put a good reference there ellison and
this this is particularly
pertinent to myself being in in the web
and digital marketing industry because i
often have
arguments debates with copywriters when
i say visuals are more important or
load speed of your website is more
important because if your website is not
quick then they can't even see the
content
so um but yeah that's another topic but
why is it that words pay so much of an
impact is it from a psychological point
of view
is it from a visual point of view is it
from the point of view that we've got to
get a message across
quickly or why why would you say that
they're
so important when it comes to
specifically getting a message across or
specifically selling
oh my gosh i have a lot of feelings on
this so one
i am all about the power of visuals as
well i actually come from commercial
production background i used to be on
sets and produce commercials
and it's interesting that i actually
came from the world of
setting up scenes and prop styling and
doing all these things
to create the visuals but i saw the
power of words and that's actually how i
discovered and became a copywriter
now the reason words are so powerful
for anyone who's goes yeah i know they
kind of matter like sure your words
oh they're everything because
words are okay
they're live i would perceive the world
right and
we often uh in an accident we can say
words that are triggering people in ways
we don't know
so let's say an image of a coffee cup so
it could be the most beautiful image of
a coffee cup or be kind of fuzzy and you
know it does only so much like
it's exciting or beautiful but the wrong
words
that can really trigger someone so for
example
whether we're talking about success or
like you sh like you should wake up at 5
a.m every day
maybe they had a parent figure or
someone in their life that was all
saying you should and should and they
never felt good enough
and by using certain words or actually
triggering people
with things they've been through from
childhood and so our
words they do so much because they're
tapping into everything we've ever heard
or seen in our existence
and most humans in my experience i mean
i've worked with thousands of people
and personally on calls and in projects
for hundreds of business owners
and entrepreneurs whether they're
marketers ceos
uh big companies and words have that
power to lift people up
and bring hope and speak inspiration
into the soul
in a way that can actually rewire brain
and psychology
and also to remind people of things that
like that one comment a teacher said to
them when they were 12 years old
that they were always they have felt
hurt by ever since
and so that's what words that's why
they're so important
and how we choose and select them and
have people feel truly spoken to
in the correct context yeah yeah yeah
and that that all makes sense and that's
that's a great foundation
for the build-up for going straight into
these these three tips these three
strategies so
yeah we'd love love to jump straight in
really alison and
get into the juicy advice and have a bit
of back and forth so what what's the
first strategy that we should be looking
at when it comes to creating content
that's going to really
game change our our business our company
right yes so strategy number one
i'm gonna say it big with my
extreme alter ego gloves stop
what you think you should be like that
is the way that is not the way
so what a lot of people do like
marketing directors small business
owners entrepreneurs freelancers
is they're so often focusing on what
they
should be writing and it's really not
the most
thing so we're so quick to be told think
about your client avatar
okay she is chloe and she's 28 years old
and she shops at the farmer's market
and we go into this very this experience
was like i end up disconnecting
from what the company even does and we
go into this almost like
outside what does she need to be in
thinking that way
instead instead what i really recommend
people to do
is to go within and ask yourself like
what are these questions i'm hearing
from people when they're in their dark
moments what is it that they are
googling
at 1am because they're stressed out and
they're burned out and the thing they're
googling about
that they actually don't want anyone
else to see how can i help with that
how can i be here like what is it that i
care about why do i work here
why do i start this company why am i
freelancing what is it
that i actually would say to them if
they were on my couch and we were
sipping wine
and maybe i'd had a glass or two and i
said can i be real with you
and let me give it let me give you two
examples what i mean by this yeah that
would be great
should be writing because this is much
easier with context so
i because i'm a personal brand and
sometimes i think people
can easily point at oh well you know
you're your company you talk about
feelings right so
but i want to talk about like i worked
for i wrote copy for a
mold and asbestos removal company now
some would say that's not like a sexy
topic
but the thing is we could do these posts
and websites that are oh my gosh did you
know that
ten percent of homes you know dot and
talk about the laws and the legal
of you know it was until the 70s that
you could have asbestos in homes in the
united states until it was outlawed
and yes we can say these things that we
should be
like here are the scary legal
ramifications
but instead like what actually matters
why do i care about getting mold out of
people's homes
what is my person stressed about and you
know for example if that comes down to
sam
these are parents on their parents
and they are so scared that they're
for their children they want them to
feel safe they want them to be protected
they stay up at night worrying have i
been a bad parent
have i accidentally do i have paint in
this house
that could what if it did something to
my child and i didn't do enough
and so we come from this place instead
of like what we should be writing about
of like
if that parent was in front of you what
would you say to them like what would
you just say as a human being
and for me what i would say the parent
is as that company of
like you're doing the best you can i
know you're scared for child safety
as if we come in we make it a safe
experience we know it's not fun to leave
your home and i'm so sorry you have to
but you're gonna have peace of mind and
to play with your kids knowing you did
everything to keep them protected now
how different of a message of that
is five ways to get mold out of your
house
yeah it ring it rings at home doesn't it
it makes it more emotional
and more emotional it makes you kind of
buy into a lot more especially if you
are a parent especially if you've got
kids
so that's and that's a great example
really really paints a picture nicely in
your mind and shows you the difference
between just using stats then using a
kind of storytelling method
that yeah sets the picture nicely in
people's minds so how did
how can we go about getting this juicy
information alice and how can we dig
into the
questions that our customers are
thinking about the problems that are
keeping them up late at night
that are really on their mind how do we
get into this juicy material
well what a perfect lead-in to question
number two point number two of what i
really recommend uh before i do that
though i do want to do a little
riff-off of what you just said yes so
humans
um i want to clarify stats metrics data
we back things up and i think we hear
this but i want to put it almost like a
formula form
because i love a good formula right so
humans are emotional creatures
and again that doesn't matter if someone
is like
the co tech of a five billion dollar
company
or whatever their whatever position it
every human
we buy off emotion first and then we
back it up with logic
so a human will say oh my gosh that pair
of jeans looks absolutely incredible
oh that would probably make me feel so
damn good about myself and then we start
to justify
oh you know it actually you know what um
i do like i do have that thing event you
know this
right we start to back it up so we speak
to emotion first
so the mold asbestos i'm gonna go back
to that example we speak
to the emotional the concern and then
we start to back it up before people can
even start to objectify
and we start to validate it and back it
up with
more information like it is possible and
well you know what we want to protect
your children
because this is very startling did you
know 68
of homes did a dot then we back it up
and then reinforce it again with
emotion i see it like a sandwich like a
nutella banana sandwich of
like boom emotion justify and then
emotion called action okay so that being
said
point number two that gives a good
framework i guess because if you're
talking about from
a kind of website point of view i guess
you could use that emotion as the
headline
then you could back it up with some
stats like you said from the
data side of things and so you've got
the emotion by justifying it with logic
and then perhaps some more emotion hit
and then that call to action whatever
you actually want the person to do
whether it's
from from a site point of view it might
be request a consultation or book a call
or book a quote
but that puts it into a nice kind of
framework that people can literally take
away
and put into their site or i guess it
can be used in other formats as well as
well
right whether that's something for print
or something for
offline or digital absolutely email
sales page uh so sales page is a great
example so for example i have a course
and a program called the unchained
copywriter and in this course i teach
copywriters the exact
uh methods system and give the templates
that took me from
20 cents a word to now 5000 a day
but i frame it first with the emotion of
i speak to their
where they're at right now which is you
are burnt out you're probably almost
ready to quit
or you want to do this you want to be a
freelancer you want to be a writer for a
living
but you honestly just don't feel like
it's possible for you and you're so
tired and you feel trapped and
suppressed with what you see for your
life it's not but you don't feel like
it's happening
and then go into but look like i will
hear the logistics
i did grow this much my business this is
how much i make i give metrics
and then seal it back with that sandwich
on the sales page of
this is possible for you this is hope
i'm not special in that
you can do it too join my program boom
and anyone can do this is applicable
i've written i've written a lot
i've read a lot of sales pages a lot of
emails a lot of websites i mean there's
nearly a decade and
this is it's all really the formula
overall whether you're posting on
linkedin
because it's not when you're selling
something but just when you're trying to
get someone to sign up for a freebie
or engage in a post anything anything
makes sense cool all right well that's
that's quite a nice framework that we
can take away
so moving into the next point how can we
dig up this information how do we go
about finding out what really is keeping
our customers up at night what's most
important to them
and looking at from their point of view
rather than just what we think
is great about our product or our
service getting the words from from our
customers and
customers mouse has to say oh this gets
me so turned
because it is often so different than
what people
think i love getting on calls with my
clients and
challenging the heck out of what they
think people actually come to them for
because so often it means watching or
listening right now
i know there's someone listening who
thinks they know what their customer
comes them for
and it's not true like someone listening
right now
and only ominous that's just truth
because i've seen it again and again
so here's point number two and the
question that you actually need to ask
people
um is going to your customers and very
and i i always i always say this guy
make sure it's like your ideal customer
who is the client who you wish you could
work with that same type of person
or them again and again they're just
like the dream client the dream
customer i recommend i've done this many
times where i'll ask them to get on the
phone
like for 10 15 minutes and i don't say
like this is a testimonial review or
make it sound all intense i'm like
hey we value you i love working with you
you are an incredible human being can i
just get into your brain for like 10
minutes
because my dream is to work with and
serve more people like you
i mean holy crap if someone said to me i
would get on the phone
um so i say something like that get on
the phone
here's the question though here's the
question why
did you choose to work with me or choose
my product or my service right again
this does not matter the industry
it doesn't matter if you are a life
coach for lemurs or if you
run a coffee shop right like this does
not matter
why do you choose me my products my
services
over anyone else right and this is a
very specific question because i think
people ask what do you like about me or
what was great
but that's not the same thing that's not
the same as why
me and you know it's interesting i'll
totally ask this and i i always get
resistance and people have this like
oh no no i know it's because i do abc
great don't assume you do not know that
i used to think that i knew why
because yes i have x i know things in
seo
i yes i can build up funnels i know how
to market and set up a website i know
what a wireframe is all these things
and i assumed it was like the tech piece
it was the
marketing know-how and all of that it
was interesting when i got on with my
actual favorite clients
and they said yeah you know those things
are all great and yes like i have roi
and i thought it was me out income too
right all i thought was all about
revenue
like yes i'm getting more clients people
are paying me more but what you actually
did for me allison was
you showed me how to write like myself i
didn't even know what i sounded like
until i worked with you and knowing my
voice my stories
even remembering what is special about
my brand
i can't that's priceless and i was like
are you
what i thought it was about like numbers
and metrics
it's just so interesting that we don't
know so ask this question
why did you choose me my products my
services over anyone else
that will tell you so much and what you
actually should be marketing to
yeah it's it's a great point in fact i
did something similar
i've just started doing it recently been
putting it off for a while but speaking
to
speaking to some customers it's just
amazing how just like you said alison
you think they went with you for one
reason
so just like you i might think i talked
all the right tech stuff i wowed them
with my expertise and really they're
like
no it wasn't any of that it was this and
you're just like well because
even better if you record these
conversations you could even show your
team
and they'd be like oh wow this is good
stuff because
what you think they bought for is often
completely different to what you
actually expected
um and without going on off on too much
of a tangent sometimes those
conversations i don't know if you found
the same sometimes
they can be not just beneficial for
yourself in terms of giving you this
really useful intel
on why your customers bought from you
but sometimes they might even lead on to
say
actually whilst we're on the line you've
made me think about that we need to look
at xyz
or can we talk about this because you're
on a conversation with them so you might
even
start a conversation about a future
sales opportunity just because you've
brought that up in their mind and
they're on that tangent
but without digging too much down that
rabbit hole
once we've chatted to this ideal
customer and they've given us this
really useful
information how do we bundle this up
into something
that's usable on our material whether
that's going to be a website a landing
page or some email copy
how do we kind of transfer from their
mouths onto a
punchy piece of copy oh
oh yeah well that's a whole i mean i can
literally speak for hours which
i train on this because their
copywriting is
is it's something there's so much to it
there's so much
to it here's what i hears at the same
time though
there's there's things that are so
simple to do that like the most
important things in a lot of ways are
like so
simple and so the main way to translate
it
that i want to share is point number
three so again we're gonna leave that in
so beautifully
um my favorite writing method that
converts that actually to
unlearn as an english degree i think
it's really important to say that
because
i think sometimes we think oh do i need
this writing certification or
you know i need to do a b and c to
achieve these results
and yet i am someone who i have an
english degree i have my own marketing
i worked in production i have all these
things that back me up
but when i became a copywriter i
actually would learn a ton of that stuff
because the main thing is gonna sound
simple but i'll give some examples
is i'm gonna write
and you might have already heard this
but i want to drive it home because i
know people hear this and then i still
read their writing
and it's still like so formal
in our world people are
are staying so like that
for detecting what's marketing when
they're being sold to i mean with how
long
on the internet we're on social media
like people
know and what we crave in this world
especially amid and after 2020 2021
is like just straight up human
connection
and again that doesn't actually matter
what your product service is they want
real
they want raw they want to feel like
there's a human that they're speaking to
and not this overly formal sort of
vague website where it's like all white
and
p perfect pictures of coffee cups and no
faces
you know i think we're transitioning
away from that we want
human realness conversational human
so what i mean by that and let me like
an example of something i have people do
that'd be great all the time like
they're like yeah like i hear it i hear
it
they'll help me review their copy or i'm
working with someone 101
and i say i won't even give them the
review i'll just go okay
read it out loud read it out loud
and so often when they read it i'll then
stop and say
cool now would you say that in person
like if we were on a call
would you say that to me and i can't
tell the answer is no
so we'll write things like and again i
had to beat this out of me as an english
major
because it seems like long flowy
sentences
and we'll write things like if you were
to wake up tomorrow and you want
synergy in the world where there is a
exponential amount of growth potential
please see this consultation email for
what could be
the results of your roi okay
right yeah i think i know where you're
going with it but i'm liking that you
know what i'm saying right
but this story sentence where you read
it out loud and you're like
would i say that to someone else if my
best friend was here
no when you recommend things and we like
worked up here
when you recommend things to people for
example what is the products that you go
on about
so whether you love monday.com for your
or slack or asana for your project
management when someone is
in front of you what do you say about
that product and they're like oh my gosh
honestly
asana just saves me so much time
i i'm obsessed like i finally am not in
my inbox for four freaking hours
like do you say this is a project
management tool where the endless
possibilities no
like that's not when you're really
excited about something that's not how
you speak about it
so i would really encourage anyone here
to think about what you actually say to
people when they're in front of you
and what when they walk out of a room
what do you want them to say about your
product
because i mean something very
conversational it's simple it's concise
it's not like this overflowing
poetry of formality yeah i really like
that example of when you're speaking to
a friend and you're perhaps excited
about a product just think about
i guess you could even refer to it as if
taking it away from your own product
like if you saw a really good show on
netflix or something like that
and you were just talking to your friend
about what you liked about it why it was
good why it appealed to you and why
you're trying to recommend it
um because i've had to stop myself in
the past alison when i've been
writing emails to perhaps prospects or
clients and i'm just putting things like
hope you're well please find attach this
on how it can talk about our return on
investment and that's this i'm just
thinking
damn this is too corporate um and it's
it's
like i said it's just gonna look like
every other email that they get hundreds
kind of spammers send them a day that's
just the same old generic bs that's
not really had much thought into it and
like you say doesn't resonate with them
so yeah i really love that idea if
you're talking to a friend you're
getting excited about a product
you're just talking about kind of how
it's helping you out um
and should we just in terms of the
actual wording we use should we just use
what comes for our own mind should we
get ideas from again the interviews that
we've carried out previously with our
customers
is there a balancing act that we need to
bear in mind here
oh this is such a good question i want
to rip off actually
a few things off what you just said and
then this question um
because it actually brings into this
question really really perfectly about
because well one i will say it is a
balance between your own words and your
customers words i automatically also say
that because
i believe the most important thing is to
first go what is
the foundation of this business what do
we stand for what do we care about why
am i here
why do i get up and do my
30-minute yoga lotties and make a coffee
or you do your peloton
like whatever and get hired up to sit
down at your laptop and do the work like
why
right but it is also your customers so
for example
i do use my audience's language i
tweak uh based on who i'm speaking to so
for example
when i'm with my copywriters in my group
then chained copywriter
i can say things like look you're ready
to know what the hell your cta is
because they know that means call to
action
now when i'm training and copywriting or
i'm working with people and developing
their message their stories
how to actually speak you know if
someone has
you know runs an accounting firm and
they're not
immersed in my world i know they don't
know my terminology like when i'm like
oh what's your lead magnet
they're not gonna know what it is so i
say what is the free thing that gets
people into your service
so i'd say the main balancing is
honestly around terminology
and remembering where your people are at
remember where your people are at
i think it's so easy for us to think
people it's so easy for us to
underestimate how much we know first of
all
like we and to overestimate what other
people
know um not in a term of like oh you
know i think sometimes we say things
like
talk to people with their children um
you know make your message so simple a
five-year-old could understand it
and yes in a way but i think that's not
to dumb a fire
our audience it's like to come out them
with like love and service
of you know they're doing their best
they're busy in this world
people are stressed people are hurting
people are going through so much
and how can i simplify it and speak to
where they're at with something
so whether it's the mold asbestos
removal company if you run
a project management software tech tool
if you run a coffee shop
if you do have a va a virtual assistant
business whatever it might be like where
is this person like what do they even
know about your world
so how can we break it down and really
change the lexicon
to make sure that they actually know
what you're referencing because a lot of
people don't ask
sam like a lot of people people want to
feel smart
people don't want to feel they're so
quick to think like i'm dumb
we're so hard on ourselves as human
beings you know and
so while it was any chance that we can
alleviate people where they're at and
speak to them so that they can
feel empowered not like you know
you don't know this but instead of look
like
you're trying out project management
tools you're haven't worked with a
copywriter before that's okay
that's i'm here like speaking to those
pieces because that
that also sells it's not like it is
understanding
and so many people come to me because
they actually like the space they can
also ask questions
they're like oh so i can actually ask
you this some of you are so afraid to
ask anything
like on a sales call i mean the amount
of times i look back i mean i'm a
transformation right
oh of how my sales calls are i mean i
don't really i don't do them anymore
because you'll just get my website and
boom but for a long time i realized you
know people didn't think it was okay to
ask questions
or they had questions i'd have to
literally say to people
and i recommend this if you're on sales
calls um you're sending out email
marketing right pretty much anything
like
if there's something you're not sure
about is there experience you've had
maybe even scarred
you've worked with a software like this
before is that is there something that
has you
a little bit of afraid right now and
that's okay it's a safe space if
like is there some reason you're nervous
and then just like go silent it's
wild how people like have answers and
that's so telling
because somebody follows so many fears
whatever field you're in and give them
like space to um
like actually speak about it um but part
of that when it comes to
like with the balance of writing as your
words and their words
um again like that call why'd you choose
me or anyone else
it's a great it's a great place to kind
of see how they use words
um i also just started to notice like
what people ask you i was like
like confirm like what do people
actually ask you like emails
anything sometimes you know it's easy to
get a little bit feisty
a little salty if we're like oh my gosh
like someone else is asking about
it's right here it's right here like the
pdf's over here if people keep asking us
the same question though one that's
telling you what to talk about and you
can always clarify things in our process
like a lot of copywriting is also us
needing to clarify what we do for people
because i think it's very
we need to also point the finger back at
ourselves sometimes like okay
if there's people are confused there's
something i'm not conveying
i need to make sure i'm getting more and
more
more clear on this um yeah yeah
yeah something that's resonating for me
allison and that's all great stuff is
understanding where your audience is at
so
and i've been guilty of things in the
past perhaps because
in in my world in digital and marketing
there's a heck of a lot of jargon which
you touched on a bit there's
just to name a few you've got so seo ppc
roast
you've got roi you've got cpc all these
all these technical terms that to
someone outside of
marketing might be like sam what the
bloody hell are you talking about and
i'll just be like carrying on like it's
like it's nothing and then not realizing
that the person i'm talking to you might
not be a marketer
so in that in that case i might need to
kind of explain it in
something that might be a lot simpler to
understand and we
yeah we've talked about this on the show
just like you quite like rightly said
sometimes
act as if you're talking or you're
explaining your product or service to a
four-year-old but i like how you flipped
it
and looking on the reverse if i was
speaking to someone in my field like i.e
a marketer
or a marketing director marketing
manager whoever the heck it was
then they may understand those terms
already so if you
if you take the time to understand where
your prospect where your customers at
that sounds a lot more effective than um
yeah just just doing one or the other so
balancing out like you said is a
is a really good point so yeah like that
makes a lot of sense
much it's much more effective and um
speaking to their problems
so for example if someone is a mid-level
manager
versus are they the ceo and founder of
the company those are very different
mindsets
right so someone's like this middle
manager and you're like look
you need the software you want the tools
that keep your people happy
but your boss is happy with you and
you're that's you can juggle everything
because you did it right you could speak
to them
the founder you're like look i know you
founded this company because
you were pissed off with blank like i've
read your butt like you're
you know i saw your instagram post the
other day about blank and like this
company is your freaking baby
you want it to be so powerful and change
lives and
obviously you want to make more money
like this is your company
and i want you to take the power back
with this tool like it's a completely
different way of speaking
based on like how someone is also who
the decision maker is
and what their decision process is gonna
be like
i also people yeah people speak to the
the wrong decision maker
often i see that a lot so like who are
you actually speaking to
and speak to them and like what they're
in
um and then my final thing before we go
to our final point unless you have any
other question
um someone writing
so you know there's a lot of
miscommunication through text
right like sure this is why so many of
us use emojis
we use emojis to make sure people
understand our tone
right we know the statistic 70 of
communication is non-verbal it is tone
it's deflection it's movement it's me
saying like
uh you know one thing with two different
tones of body language
it has different meanings and so
with copywriting what uh it's really
great to imagine okay if i read this
and there's no tone who is someone if
they were like
even imagine someone in your life who is
someone who is salty about everything
like they are
they're like they want to be offended
like oh my gosh how dare you
you say something about jeans what are
you saying about my fashion style huh
like who was someone who's been like
pissed off all that like
very easily i brought that i heard this
channel oh hey charles some
what a cooperating principle was
basically this idea of
of imagine someone who's reading this
because
i will often read people's copy and i'm
like just remember how that could come
across
because in writing things it's just very
easy
so you always want to make sure it's
coming across with intention like
you should you should use facebook ads
to grow your business like i've been
trying
versus like we know you want your
business to grow that's why
i really want to share this new way of
doing facebook ads because you have
worked hard and i get it
people want credit people are working so
hard all the time
and they think marketing can often like
feel like it's calling people out
yeah so look looking at things looking
at your copy looking at your content
from a different point of view it sounds
like a lot of yeah
just a lot of angles a lot of camera
angles
yeah yeah yeah it makes sense because
what my opinion of one piece might be
completely different to
how how someone else sees it so yeah i
get that and is is there a
and this could be a probably a whole
episode in itself is there a way that we
can do that do we just ask our peers our
colleagues our
prospects to glance over our content
before we push it live on our website on
our emails
newsletter wherever we're deciding to do
it to actually take action on that
i think this depends in a couple
different ways because it doesn't matter
your business i see another problem
like we do want feedback but i think
it's almost
important to go through and do the work
get on the calls
talk to the people read the questions
from your audience go to your facebook
instagram your social media your
linkedin posts
read their comments and pull the
language that way
because it can get messy when also
showing things for too many people
and people also don't always people
don't always actually know what they
need to hear
like i could say to a copywriter um for
my group dancing incorporated i could
say to someone who wants to be a
freelance writer
like how does it sound what you need to
hear like i need to hear that i want to
make more money
i want to hear that i want to get my
first client but what they actually need
to hear what i know is my audience the
real thing
is they want to finally feel a life of
freedom where they can actually do what
they love
and use the skill that they were told
wasn't a starving artist and they could
never make any money with
and feel a sense of victory and freedom
in their life
but they don't know that's what they
need to hear i know that from like my
processing engineer people and my
my people um so it's dangerous like
like actually most of my work now i
don't i get really clear first
and then i show it out so i'd say more
focused first on like
reading people's social posts reading
the questions like taking in what they
don't even know you're studying about
them
yes a lot of us yeah like we don't know
what we actually need to hear
um and that kind of leads to see my uh
fourth and my final thing sure thing
wrap this bad boy out cause i know i'm
already like throwing a lot of things
out
and some of them might be like oh this
seems like a lot of emotional stuff you
know what copywriting is emotional and
humans are emotional beings
so if anyone is still skeptical i just
want to put that out i know it's how it
feels but this is the stuff like this is
why
i charge five thousand dollars a day and
i have people
on my wait list and i don't even talk
about metrics
really anymore like yes i've made people
millions but like that's not
it's like the emotions of speaking to
where they're at okay
so um they're just writing stuff so
the number one way to address objections
the number one way to address
objections is this two-word statement
even if even if it's it's literally like
if there's no two there's no magic
bullet
um blender i know those are great for
the margaritas but there is no
magic bullet two phrase word right but
if there could be one i would say it's
even if
because humans we are so quick to think
we're special often in the wrong ways
you know we're so quick to not see how
we're unique but we're quick to see what
we think is wrong with us
right which is a evolutionary biological
trait which should get onto the
psychology but basically that's how
we're wired that's how our brains work
so someone is very quick to go like
yeah i'm like do you know you could have
a morning routine where you're energized
every day at 5 00 a.m
and you could have an hour to yourself
every day immediately
immediately like at like within 30
seconds right our brains going
whoa whoa you don't know me like who
knows right i have i have kids
i run a business i do this i do that
like i've never been a morning person
my fault like whatever whatever it might
be i can't drive coffee
i live without coffee i've drink coffee
for two decades so we have to we gotta
address objections
primarily before people even know they
have them so
even if so
you could be you can be a morning person
even if you've
never been able to wake up before 9 a.m
without needing a cup of coffee and now
someone's a little bit like oh
they just totally called me out okay
like all right
like it's so different than just if i
just said
sam be more be a morning person you
could do it it's like you don't know me
but then you you call it out and they're
like oh you kind of know me
yeah yeah so it's like you're blocking
the objection that you already know is
coming
if you are almost as if you were talking
to someone on a conversation
so you might be talking this is how i
pitch it in my mind anyway
so i might be saying to my friend yeah
i've been going to the gym five six
o'clock in the morning each and every
day
they'd be like there's no chance sam but
then you say well actually
it's almost like saying well actually
but obviously you're reading it in a
website copy or an email copy so saying
even if
you've got this in your mind you can you
can still achieve it by doing this
so it sounds to me like you're blocking
the objection that someone's about to
to get in their mind and then going
ahead with it
i love that you said that oh my gosh i
ain't like my soul is fist pumping right
now because
the fitness workout is perfect workout
and exercise are just such
it's such great metaphors because we all
often see things through that that we
don't always translate to other
parts of the business uh our marketing
so
yeah it's funny you say that because one
of my long-standing clients
is absolutely incredible names kim
constable she is the sculpted vegan
she is the now uh highest paid vegan
body lifting bodybuilding weightlifting
coach in the world
um and it's been so i still could watch
her grow so
she for example something we talk about
often with her she
like we'll say you know get this ripped
shredded body
and feel stronger than ever in this and
oh i mean the objections people could
have right
and we always like i mean it's very
intentional in her marketing her sales
pages and i talk to our audience about
this all the time
is that we go even if
you're a mom you have kids you have even
had
um you know you've you're in your 50s
60s because she is a
not only a mom she is a mom of four
children and
homeschools them so we do a lot of
look you can achieve this result in this
body and if you want to feel this way
even if you're like me and you're a mom
and a homeschooler and i run this
business
and i'm in my 40s and most of my clients
are in their 50s and 60s
and immediately so many people and i
mean i see the messages they're like oh
my gosh i didn't think it'd be possible
but i see her
and she calling you know people in their
50s all these children can do it
and it's amazing like what that does
like everyone who's watching listening
what is the phrase for you
even if even if and it's not always
demographic it's not always you know
even if you're a parent or children like
it's
you know even if you don't think it's
possible right now
even if you've tried three other
marketing platforms and each of them you
want to shove your
face into a wall because you're so
stressed
right there's always an even if you just
have to find yours
yeah yeah yeah i guess i guess you can
grab some of that from
objections you've had from your
customers in the past oh yeah
yes nice well that wraps it all up
really nicely alison so
essentially to to quit a quick recap of
all the scribble down notes i've got so
utilizing rather than just jumping in
for your headlines and your copy with
perhaps stats
or boring information or generic stuff
that every other company's got we want
to get our customers emotional
we want to use things like questions
that are keeping them up at night
so something that's really going to
strike an emotional cord
so i know you reference one about
keeping your family safe for the
asbestos company because that's
something that's obviously going to be
close to their hearts
and then justifying that with logic and
at the end where that might be putting
in statistics that are relevant to your
product or service a bit later on then
putting a bit more emotion then using
that call to action
interviewing your ideal customers so
getting on the phone and getting on the
zoom of them and then
finding out what was that exact question
you asked madison
why did you choose me my products my
services this company
over anybody else awesome so asking him
that specific question and obviously
taking notes understanding why
and then utilizing that human connection
putting a non-formal
presence um as if you were actually
talking to a friend as if you're talking
to a person
rather than using all the corporate talk
in your in your content
and understanding where your audience is
at
any final notes anything to wrap it up
alison anything else we should bear in
mind before we bring this to a close
oh this has been so juicy thank you so
much for having me here for everyone
who's here and listening
i think the final thing that really
comes through for me to share
is this when if you've if you feel like
you've been speaking more corporate or
formal and this part of you is like
oh man i my goodness i want to speak
more conversationally why is this so
hard for me
or why do i tend to i just want to give
a moment to give your yourself your
company
uh some grace to pivot
because for many many years you went to
middle school high school
if you went to college right if you went
on to any other training
most of our lives we have been taught
that to be professional
to be in business means to speak
professionally
and professionally as informal
as in safe as in saying could not
have versus couldn't instead you're
using these long drawn out terms
and so there is nothing wrong with you
there's nothing
yeah there's nothing wrong with you
because i really want to confirm because
i hear a lot of people who then
who find it so hard and they're going oh
like why do i keep speaking why are
these terms and
like synergy keep coming out of me like
we've been trained for so
long yeah like our brain i mean go into
the again all the brain stuff like
our brains really i mean they're wired
literally like we have neural pathways
that come from certain ways based on
especially what is praised
what is told is okay what is told is all
right to do and so it's gonna take a
little bit to break that to shake things
up
and so if this is a new way of writing
for you
that's okay it's part of the process
just because something is hard doesn't
mean it's wrong
great yeah great way to wrap it all up
well alice really enjoyed the
conversation
thanks very much for coming on and
chatting us through
all things content and how to grow your
business and game change it
through your copy and with that please
do tell us more about how we can learn
from you how we can connect with you and
the best way to get in touch
absolutely so it's been so wonderful to
be here i am
so excited for you i'm about to speak
about to get more information
to get more like examples um even free
tools and resources i have
uh go to my website which is alison
evelyn.com
allison it's two l's and i
alisonevlin.com
and if anyone else is also there for an
example what it means to really
speak not so formal and speak in this
raw authentic way
you'll you'll see some words on the site
that are maybe startling
so allison alisonevlin.com and there's
free resources on there i'm also really
active
on instagram so instagram is alison
evelyn underscore
send me a dm it isn't me there in the
inbox responding chatting
and whether they are here and like if
you're on linkedin if you're happy
listening there
do you message me and let me know what
resonated i
really care like i don't just come on
here until these
tips for fun i mean it is fun and i love
it i want
the world of business and marketing for
people to feel changed
and to feel confident and excited about
selling versus oh
i'm afraid to sound sound salesy or see
so
i want to know what stuck with you your
takeaways so please please message me
here on ellington or on instagram
allison evelyn underscore i
really actually want to know i really
want to know
brilliant stuff alison thank you once
again really enjoyed the chat
that was great thank you cheers and if
you enjoyed the show
be sure to hit subscribe wherever the
heck you get your podcast from the
business growth show we interview
business leaders
each and every week to provide
actionable tips across marketing across
sales
or with a goal to help you grow your
business and grow your revenue
all the links for allison will be over
at businessgrowth.marketing in the
episode notes and with that
we'll catch you on the next episode
thanks for tuning in